Add Cosmos DB connector implementation (#1)
wso2-ballerina/module-cosmosdb: README.md

# Ballerina Azure Cosmos DB Endpoint

The Cosmos DB endpoint allows you to access the Cosmos DB through Ballerina.

The following sections provide you with information on how to use the Ballerina Cosmos DB endpoint.
- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)

### Compatibility

| Ballerina Language Version  | Azure Cosmos DB API Version    |
|:---------------------------:|:------------------------------:|
|  0.990.0                    |   2017-02-22                   |

##### Prerequisites

> Download the ballerina [distribution](https://ballerinalang.org/downloads/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the Ballerina [distribution](https://ballerinalang.org/downloads/).
```

> Download the ballerina [distribution](https://ballerina.io/downloads/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the Ballerina [distribution](https://ballerina.io/downloads/).
```

##### Contribute To Develop

> Clone the repository by running the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the repository by running the following command:
```

`git clone https://github.com/wso2-ballerina/module-cosmosdb.git`

## Working with CosmosDB Endpoint Remote Functions

> All the actions return valid response or error. If the action is a success, then the requested resource will

Reviewer 2: Still there are action/actions in the content.

> All the actions return valid response or error. If the action is a success, then the requested resource will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the actions return valid responses or errors. If the action is a success, the requested resource
```

> be returned. Else error will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is returned. Alternatively, an error is returned.
```

> In order for you to use the CosmosDB Endpoint, first you need to create a CosmosDB Client endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a CosmosDB Client endpoint to use the CosmosDB Endpoint.
```

```ballerina
import wso2/cosmosdb;

> CosmosDBConfiguration cosmosDBConfig = {

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be cosmosdb:CosmosDBConfiguration ?

    baseURL: <your_account_base_url>,
    masterKey: <your_account_master_key>
};

Client c = new(cosmosDBConfig);
```

> Then the endpoint remote functions can be invoked as `var response = cosmosDB->functionName(arguments)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint remote functions can be invoked using `var response = cosmosDB->functionName(arguments)`.
```

> #### Sample

Reviewer: Add some comments to this.

```ballerina
import ballerina/config;
import ballerina/io;
import wso2/cosmosdb;

public function main() {
    CosmosDBConfiguration cosmosDBConfig = {
        baseURL: config:getAsString("BASE_URL"),
        masterKey: config:getAsString("MASTER_KEY")
    };

>     Client cosmosdbClient = new(cosmosDBConfig);

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be cosmosdb:Client cosmosdbClient = ... ?

    var dbRes = cosmosdbClient->createDatabase(databaseID);
    if (dbRes is cosmosdb:DatabaseResponse) {
        io:println(dbRes);
    } else {

>         //Error will be printed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The error is printed.
```

# Ballerina Azure Cosmos DB Endpoint

> The Cosmos DB endpoint allows you to access the Cosmos DB through Ballerina.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Cosmos DB endpoint allows you to access the Cosmos DB service through Ballerina.
```

Reviewer 3: @MaryamZi thoughts? It's wrong to say Cosmos DB in singular form here. Is the above suggestion ok?

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't it be 
```suggestion
The Cosmos DB endpoint allows you to access Cosmos DB through Ballerina.
```

The following sections provide you with information on how to use the Ballerina Cosmos DB endpoint.
- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Working with CosmosDB Endpoint Remote Functions](#working-with-cosmosdb-endpoint-remote-functions)

### Compatibility

| Ballerina Language Version  | Azure Cosmos DB API Version    |
|:---------------------------:|:------------------------------:|
|  0.990.0                    |   2017-02-22                   |

##### Prerequisites
Download the Ballerina [distribution](https://ballerina.io/downloads/).

##### Contribute To Develop
Clone the repository by running the following command:
`git clone https://github.com/wso2-ballerina/module-cosmosdb.git`

## Working with CosmosDB Endpoint Remote Functions

> All the remote functions return valid responses or errors. If the remote function is a success, then the requested resource is returned. Alternatively, error is returned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the remote functions return valid responses or errors. If the remote function successfully completes, then the requested resource is returned. If not, an error is returned.
```

> Create a CosmosDB Client endpoint to use the CosmosDB Endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create a Cosmos DB Client endpoint to use the Cosmos DB Endpoint.
```

```ballerina
import wso2/cosmosdb;

cosmosdb:CosmosDBConfiguration cosmosDBConfig = {
    baseURL: <your_account_base_url>,
    masterKey: <your_account_master_key>
};

> cosmosdb:Client c = new(cosmosDBConfig);

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
cosmosdb:Client client = new(cosmosDBConfig);
```

```

> The endpoint remote functions can be invoked using `var response = cosmosDB->functionName(arguments)`.

Reviewer 3: This is badly phrased. Instead of trying to make it generic, maybe take one function as an example? @MaryamZi thoughts?

#### Sample
```ballerina
import ballerina/config;
import ballerina/io;
import wso2/cosmosdb;

public function main() {
    // CosmosDB configuration
    cosmosdb:CosmosDBConfiguration cosmosDBConfig = {
        baseURL: config:getAsString("BASE_URL"),
        masterKey: config:getAsString("MASTER_KEY")
    };

    // Create the CosmosDB client.
    cosmosdb:Client cosmosdbClient = new(cosmosDBConfig);

    // Invoke createDatabase function.
    var dbRes = cosmosdbClient->createDatabase(databaseID);
    if (dbRes is cosmosdb:DatabaseResponse) {
        io:println(dbRes);
    } else {
        //Error is printed.

>         io:println(dbRes);

Reviewer 4: Shall we say something like 
```suggestion
        io:println("Error: ", dbRes);
```

To just differentiate between the success and failure scenarios, since we are just printing it out in both cases.
